Eve: Julian?

Julian: Eve, you got my message. I was beginning to think you missed it somehow.

Eve: I almost wish that I had.

Julian: What do you mean?

Eve: We can't do this anymore, julian -- meet this way. No, we can't let anybody see us alone together.

Julian: I understand that you're concerned about T.C.

Eve: No, it's not just T.C. Oh, julian, it was so awful.

Julian: Wewell, tell me what happened.

Eve: I thought that whitney saw us kissing outside the mansion.

Julian: My god. Did she?

Eve: No. No. She was just upset about breaking up with chad and about theresa and little ethan. Oh, julian, but for a moment there, I was certain that she had seen us -- the way that she talked to me and the way she looked at me. Her eyes were -- they were just so full of terrible pain.

Julian: It's all right. She didn't see us.

Eve: No, but what if she had? My daughter -- she means everything to me. I can't bear the thought of hurti her. So this -- this has got to stop. We can't see each other alone together, ever. It's finished!

Fox: All right, so I'm in the kitchen and I spot two black cherry sodas all the way in the back of the fridge. I'm thinking, "jeez, you know, I'll grab them. I haven't had this stuff since -- since sixth grade or so, maybe even longer." You're not interested?

Whitney: Hmm.

Fox: Ok, can't say that I blame you. Whitney, you're not saying anything. Is there a problem?

Whitney: Hmm? Oh, no. Thanks.

Fox: This -- this is nice. This pile of paper that you just tore says otherwise. Are you thinking about how you thought you saw your mom kissing my dad?

Whitney: No. No, it's not that. I mean, I know that that was just a mistake.

Fox: Ok, good. What is it, then?

Whitney: Well, I -- I just checked my cell phone voicemail.

Fox: Mm-hmm.

Whitney: And chad called me again.

Fox: Really? So, what did he have to say? What's going on?

Whitney: Well, I don't know, because as soon as I heard his voice, I erased the message, so --

fox: Oh. So you're still not ready to talk to him then, really?

Whitney: I am not interested in anything that chad has to say. I mean, why should I when everything that comes out of his mouth is a lie? Do you know that all the time we were together, he never once even hinted to me that he had been married before? I had to go all the way out to L.A. To find that out, and then latoya shows up and announces that she is still married to chad.

Fox: Yeah, I know. That was -- well, that was a surprise, I guess.

Whitney: Oh, oh, and then I'm supposed to believe that he didn't know latoya didn't file the divorce papers?

Please. So why would I believe anything that he has to say to me now? In fact, why am I even talking about chad? Chad and I are over. And I'm going to move on with my life.

Fox: You mean that?

Whitney: Absolutely. I'm going to find a new love, fox, someone that cherishes marriage and committment as much as I do.

Fox's voice: That would be me, whitney.

Whitney: Chad and I are over. And I cannot tell you how grateful I am that he is in california, thousands of miles away from harmony.

Fox: Hmm.

Theresa: Chad?

Chad: Hey, theresa.

Theresa: Wow. It's really, really good to see you. You okok -- you look great.

Chad: It's good to see you, too, theresa.

Theresa: When did you get in?

Chad: Today.

Theresa: So -- well, how long are you here for?

Chad: That's kind of up in the air.

Theresa: Ok. Well, have you seen whitney? I mean, she didn't mention you were coming.

Chad: That's because I didn't tell her.

Theresa: You want to surprise her? That's romantic. You know what? I could call her. I'll have her come down here. I can't wait to see the look on her face when she sees you. She's going to be really excited.

Chad: Theresa, no. I don't want you to call her.

Theresa: Why no

chad: Because -- I'm not sure she ever wants to see me again.

Sheridan: Dear god, why won't they let me out of here? It's just not right. I should be with my baby.

[Knock on door]

Orderly: You have a visitor.

Sheridan: Who? Oh, luis. Oh, wow! Luis, I'm so glad you're here. I can't stand being in here one more second.

Luis: It's ok. You mind? You see, we'd like to be alone.

Orderly: I don't know. You've caused trouble before.

Luis: Look, I just want to talk to her.

Orderly: All right. You can have a visit -- a short one. But I'll be right outside the door.

Luis: Hey. You ok?

Sheridan: Yeah. Much better now that you're here. I can't take this anymore. I got to be with my baby. I got to get out of this place.

Luis: All right --

sheridan: It's just killing me to be here!

Luis: That's why I'm here. L l right? I found a way to get you out of here.

Sheridan: Ok.

Luis: All right? Hey -- for good. Ok?

Singer: I would hold the hand of the one who could lead me places and kiss the lips of the one who could sing so sweet and i would fly on the wings of the bird I knew could take me highest breathe inbrbreathe out you keep me alive you are the fire burning inside of me you are my passion for life e a day.

theresa: Here you go.

Chad: Thanks.

Theresa: Cream and sugar, if you want it.

Chad: Since when do you work here?

Theresa: I just started. It's a long story, but, first, I want to hear about what's going with you and whitney.

Chad: Nothing. I mean, like I told you, I don't even know if she wants to see me again.

Theresa: I mean, have you talked to her at all?

Chad: Not for weeks, not since the last time I saw heinin L.A. You know, I call her, but all I get is her voicemail, and she doesn't return my phone calls. I mean, not that I blame her after what went down in L.A.

Theresa: She was hurt, chad.

Chad: I know. And I feel terrible. I should have told her about latoya.

Theresa: Why didn't you?

Chad: I thought the divorce was final.

Theresa: You should have told her you were married before.

Chad: I know, I should have. But no lie, theresa. I mean, the moment I stepped out of my old life in L.A., It was like it never existed. I put latoya out of mind, along with the rest of my past. You know, I just wanted it all behind me. I was totally different back then -- nothing like the guy I am now.

Theresa: I know, I know. The past -- it always has a way of coming back to haunt us.

Chad: You know, when I hooked up with latoya, I was just a kid -- a dumb kid that made dumb mistakes. And that marriage was a big one. I mean, it only lasted a few hours, but it ended up affecting my whole life. You know, I could lose the woman I love because of one dumb mtatake.

Theresa: Well, I can relate to that, you know. When I married julian, even though it was one night and even though it turned out not to be legal, it has definitely affected my entire life. Anyway -- so, what's going on with you and latoya now?

Chad: There is no latoya and me. No, the first thing I did was I went to a divorce lawyer, made sure the divorce went through and it was all legal. But I'm just worried it's too late.

Theresa: Too late? What do you mean?

Chad: I'm worried that whitney's so angry about what happened that she's gone out and found someone else.

Whitney: Oh.

Fox: Ok. So you really mean it then? You're totally over chad?

Whitney: He lied to me, fox.

Fox: Yeah, I know, but let's just say hypothetically that he came back and he apologized for that and said he was sorry. Maybe you could get past that.

Whitney: No, no, no. No. You don't just get past someone you trust conveniently forgetting to tell you that he was married before.

Fox: You have a point.

Whitney: Right, exactly. You know, my parents were right about him. I mean, we come from two totally different backgrounds, and our values just aren't the same. I mean, chad admitted to me that he jumped into his marriage to latoya for all the wrong reasons, and that's fine. But then he tried to divorce latoya like it was nothing.

Fox: Well, you know, I mean, I guess in chad's defense, you know, he was young.

Whitney: Yeah, but I consider marriage to be a serious committment. It's a sacred bond between two people.

Fox: Yes, I know that you do.

Whitney: Right. And that's why I think that my parents' marriage is a perfect example of that. I know that they love each other and are totally committed to making their marriage work. They're a couple that's going to be together forever. And, you know, that's why it was so crazy to think that I saw my mom kissing julian. My mother would never do that. I mean, she would never betray my father that way.

Julian: I'm so sorry this has upset you so much. I certainly understand your not wanting to be alone with me.

Eve: Well, that's just the way it has to be. That's the way it will be.

Julian: I don't want to do anything that would cost you your family. I -- I love you far too much. I want you to be happy.

Eve: You're a good man, julian.

Julian: Eve, I am hardly that, but I'm trying to be better, because of you, strangely enough, because of -- of tabitha's little timmy.

Eve: Oh, yes, timmy -- you and he became close when you were on the road together.

Julian: Perhaps I'll write a book about it someday. Listen, I've never -- I've never felt so free as when he and I were bumming around together, getting into one situation after another.

Eve: You must miss him terribly.

Julian: Not the sticky situations. Some of them were very harrowing. But see, he had a way of getting us out of all of them, and then we'd be on our way again. He had such a zest for life, and that little fellow got more out of the precious few years he was given than most of us get out of an entire lifetime.

Eve: God bless him.

Julian: He had a perspective, an insight, and I learned so much from him. One of the most important things I learned was about giving, about putting someone else before yourself. And that's why I now understand perfectly why you and I -- we can never be together.

Eve: No. No, it can never be. I love T.C.

Julian: I know.

Eve: And I'm committed to my marriage, and I'm committed to my family. I can't risk losing them.

Julian: You won'T. This is the last time we'll be alone together. But I had to see you. I wouldn't have asked for this meeting if it wasn't very important.

Eve: What do you mean, important?

Julian: I have information about our son.

Sheridan: So you've really found a way to get me out of this place?

Luluis: Yeah.

Sheridan: Oh, luis, thank you. Thank you for helping me. I knew you'd help me. I can't stand being in here one more second.

Luis: Well, you won't have to.

Sheridan: I just want to go home. I want to be with you and our sweet little baby.

Luis: I want that, too, sheridan, all right? You don't belong in this place.

Sheridan: No, no, no, it's horrible. And that doctor --

luis: No, don't you even worry about him. It's going to be ok.

Sheridan: Yeah. We'll be together -- you, me, and our precious little baby.

Luis: Sheridan, now, I understand how you could be confused about beth's baby.

Sheridan: No. No, no, luis, I'm -- I'm not confused. Martin is my child. I -- I know that he is.

Luis: Listen. Hoy,y, listen to me, ok? Because they're not going to let you out of here if you keep saying that.

Sheridan: I'm only saying what's true.

Luis: Ok, but see, if you want to get out of here, you have to make the doctors think that you don't believe that beth's baby is yours.

Sheridan: Luis, he's my son. He's our son.

Luis: Ok. But if you want to get out of here, you've got to do whatever it takes, ok? And that means lying about the baby.

Sheridan: But --

luis: It's the only way. Sheridan, these damn doctors, they think you're delusional because you keep saying that beth's baby is yours. All right, now, you have to make them think that you realize that martin is beth's baby. All right? You tell them that you now accept that your baby died.

Sheridan: But I -- I don't!

Luis: Ok. Sheridan, please. It's the only way out of here. It's the only way.

Gord: I wonder if they will come back with the eves line after this shift.

Theresa: So why would you think that whitney's found someone else to love?

Chad: Well, she doesn't answer my phone calls, for one. I mean, I must have choked her voicemail, I left so many messages.

Theresa: Chad, she's hurt. She feels you betrayed her.

Chad: I understand that. But how am I going to make it up to her when she won't even talk to me? What if she's found somebody else? I mean, she's a beautiful girl. She's got to have guys falling all over her, guys that can offer her a lot more than I can.

Theresa: Chad, you are a terrific guy, and I'm sure she hasn't found anybody else.

Chad: Are you sure?

Theresa: Yes. She loves you.

Chad: She tell you that?

Theresa: No. She doesn't have to. No, really, I'm her best friend. I know her. She's been lost since she left los angeles, ok? She misses you. You guys had a very special love, and that just doesn't go away.

Chad: Well, I hope you're right.

Theresa: I am.

Chad: Well, great. W w all I have to do is get her to give me another chance. I love her, theresa. I mean, whitney is everything to me.

Theresa: I know. I got to get that. I'll be right back, ok?

Theresa: Thank you.

Theresa: Ok. Where were we? Yes. Whit.

Chad: Uh-huh, ok. What's the dl?L? Why are you waiting tables here at the book cafe?

Theresa: A lot's happened since you've been gone.

Chad: What? Are you in some kind of trouble?

Theresa: They took little ethan away from me.

Chad: What -- took little ethan? Who?

Theresa: Julian and rebecca. They had child protective services declare me an unfit mother, so now little ethan is living with them in the crane mansion.

Chad: Well, wait a minute. I mean, I know julian is little ethan's father, but didn't he give you full custody?

Theresa: He did, and then he bribed some judge to sign over little ethan's custody to him.

Chad: But -- I mean, can't you fight it? Appeal or something?

Theresa: Yeah -- that's what I wanted to do, but my attorney quit, so -- well, I need to hire another one so I can fight for my son, but I can't afford one, so that's why I'm here.

Chad: Julian and rebecca -- those two are really sick.

Theresa: Yeah. I'm going to get back at them one day. I don't know how, but I will. Right now I just -- I need to concentrate on getting little ethan back, you know?

Chad: Well, I'm sure ethan will help you.

Theresa: Don't talk to me about ethan.

Chad: Why?

Theresa: Not only did he betray me, but he betrayed his godson. He's siding with the cranes.

Chad: No, no, I don't believe it.

Theresa: Oh, it's true. Not only did he refuse to help me, but he showed up at my front door with julian and rebecca to take my son away from me.

Chad: I don't understand. I mean, ethan's always said what a good mother you are, and I know how crazy he is about his godson.

Theresa: Well, you know, I'll tell you something. He was just in here a little while ago with gwen and rebecca, and it was really clear that he was against me and he was definitely for helping them. I just got so furious that I threw a pitcher of water in his face.

Chad: Well, maybe rebecca's up to something.

Theresa: No. It's all ethan. You know? He refused to help me, and -- I mean, he said it straight out. He didn't deny anything that rebecca said, so he's 100% for the cranes.

Chad: Man. Things really have changed around here. I just hope they haven't changed for me and whitney, too.

Whitney: I still can't get over it. The idea that my mom would ever kiss julian.

Fox: Yeah.

Whitney: I mean, right. I mean, what was I thinking? I mean, it's just -- it's just too ridiculous, you know?

Fox: Yeah.

Whitney: But sometimes, you know, you see something or hear something, and your mind starts to play tricks on you.

Fox: Yeah, I think I know what you mean.

Whitney: Yeah, and you think things that couldn't possibly be true. You know, it's kind of like that time when I thought that I was the woman that you were in love with.

Fox: You thought that?

Whitney: Yeah, yeah, I did.

Fox: Hmm.

Whitney: I mean, of course, I know it's not true. But I did for a moment mistakenly think that I was the woman that you were in love with. It's crazy, huh?

Fox: Crazy? Well, you know, I mean -- it's --

whitney: I don't even know what I was thinking. I mean, theresa is the one who has your heart. I know tT. Theresa's the one that you're in love with.

Sheridan: So you want me to lie and say that the baby isn't mine?

Luis: Sheridan, it's the only way that these doctors are going to let you out of here.

Sheridan: No. A mother knows her child. Martin is my son. The way he feels, the way he smells, the sound of his cries. Every time I hold that baby, every time I nurse him, I know that he is mine. Now, why can't anyone else accept that?

Luis: Well, the thing is right now that doesn't matter, sheridan.

Sheridan: Well, it does to me!

Luis: Look, let's just get you home first, all right --

sheridan: But why does everyone think I'm crazy just because I know my own child?

Luis: I don't think you're crazy. Now, sheridan, come on, let's just get you home. Let's not worry abou anything else. Now, please, the thing you have to do is to convince these doctors that you don't believe that beth's baby is yours. That's the only way that they're going to release you.

Sheridan: The only way.

Luis: Sheridan, please. I hate seeing you like this. Come on, I just want to take you home where I can take care of you.

Sheridan: I want that, too.

Luis: All right. You have to do whatever it takes, all right? Even if that means lying to the doctors. Sheridan, please. All right, you have to convince them that you don't think that beth's baby is yours. Born to getstanding ovations.

Eve: Our son?

Julian: Yes.

Eve: No -- you have information?

Julian: Yes, you were right. He didn't die.

Eve: Oh --

julian: I have absolute proof our son is alive.

Eve: Oh, god!

Julian: Easy, easy.

Eve: Ok -- julian, our son -- our baby's alive! Well, where is he? When can I see him?

Julian: I haven't gotten that far yet.

Eve: What do you mean?

Julian: I haven't found him yet, but I have investigators working on it.

Eve: But they're certain that he's alive?

Julian: They're positive. He didn't die in the hospital, as you were told. Our boy's out there somewhere. And I'm going to move heaven and earth to find him.

Eve: Oh.

Theresa: Ok.

Chad: So what's going on with you and fox?

Theresa: Me and fox? Boy, did you get a wrong number.

Chad: Did I?

Theresa: Mm-hmm. Yeah. He is -- he's great. He's been a wonderful friend to me, but that's all we are. We're just friends.

Chad: Well, I've got a heads-up for you, theresa. Fox is in love with you.

Theresa: No, no, no. He's just a friend.

Chad: He wants to be more than just that.

Theresa: That's crazy. He's never done anything to make me think that he's got feelings for me.

Chad: Well, that's because you were too in love with ethan. That intimidated fox.

Theresa: I can't picture fox being intimidated by anything.

Chad: Love will do that to you. Now, I think he figured that he couldn't compete with the love that you always said was destined to be. You know, fate. But I'm telling you, fox is crazy about you. And the only reason he didn't make a move was ethan.

Theresa: Well, as far as I'm concerned, there is no ethan. He doesn't exist anymore, so --

chad: So give fox a chance, then.

Theresa: Fox. Hmm.

Chad: You know, I can't say I was crazy about him at first, but he turned out to be a really good guy, theresa.

Theresa: Yeah. He's fun.

Chad: And he's been a good friend to whitney. I mean, to be honest, there was a time when I thought that she was the mystery woman that he was in love with. But now that I know he's crazy about you, I don't have to worry about him trying to steal her away from me. Now I can trust him.

Fox: What's so funny?

Whitney: The idea that i could be the woman that you were in love with. I don't know what I was thinking. It's crazy, right?

Fox: Well --

whitney: You know, it's just a classic example of how you can hear something and get a little bit of information and suddenly start thinking the wrong thing. It's just like I did with julian and my mother.

Fox: Yeah --

whitney: You know, I know theresa has got a lot of things going on right now. Everything that's going on with little ethan is tearing her apart. Ethan turned his back on her. And she really needs someone to be there for her. And I'm glad you're going to be that someone, fox.

Fox: Yeah, whitney, look, I'll always be there for --

whitney: And remember, I said that I would help you, you know, and I haven't changed my mind on that. I will. And you'll see. Soon theresa will realize that you love her, and she's going to love you, too.

Fox: Look --

whitney: You know what? I really got to go, because it's -- it's getting late. But I will see you later. And don't worry, ok, because soon, you're going to be with the woman that you love.

Fox: You are that woman, whitney. It's not theresa. You're the only woman I want to be with.

Luis: Sheridan, I know that you don't want to lie.

Sheridan: The baby is mine.

Luis: Ok, but you have to convince the doctors that you no longer believe that the baby is yours, that the baby is beth's, and then you accept that your baby has died.

Sheridan: But he didn't!

Luis: Sheridan, please.

Sheridan: I do want to get out of here.

Luis: Then you'll do i

sheridan: Yes.

Luis: Ok.

Sheridan: I'll do whatever I have to just to get out of here, but it's not true. All right? I just want to get out of here so I can go home and be with you and our little baby.

Luis: All right. Hey, you know, as soon as we get you out of here, I'm going to arrange for us to go away. Somewhere nice, you know? Someplace where you can rest.

Sheridan: Leave my baby? No.

Luis: All right, well, maybe we'll bring the baby with us. All right, you still need to breastfeed, right?

Sheridan: Yeah, of course.

Luis: Right? I'm sure beth will understand us needing to get away for a while. Maybe she'll even want to come with us.

Sheridan: Why? Beth is not the baby's mother.

Luis: All right, well, we don't need to talk about that right now, ok? Let's just think about we're going to go away somewhere, you can rest, somewhere there won't be any stress. All right,'m'm going to do whatever it takes to make you better, all right? I love you.

Sheridan: I love you. And I'm fine, really. I don't need help. I just need my baby.

Luis: Sheridan --

sheridan: No, don't worry, I'm sorry. I won't say that in front of the doctors.

Luis: All right. So you're going to tell them that you don't think that beth's baby is yours, right?

Sheridan: I'll say whatever I have to just to get out of here so I can be with you a m my little baby.

Luis: Good. All right. I'm going to go make a call. I'm going to find the perfect place for us to get away, ok?

Sheridan: No, don't leave. What if they don't let you back in?

Luis: No one could keep me away from you, all right? Don't worry. Hey, everything's going to be ok, all right? As long as you follow our little plan.

Sheridan: I will.

Luis: All right. Then there's nothing to worry about.

Alistair: That's what you think, luis. Your worries have just begun. Nothing's going to be fine for you and sheridan ever again. Get me dr. Ackland.

Singer: You are my passion for life

chad: You know, I can't believe it. Ethan's always been a guy of such integrity and decency. And to allow julian and rebecca to steal your son away from you, I mean -- man. I just can't believe ethan would turn his back on you like that.

Theresa: He's not the man that I thought he was. That's for sure.

Chad: Well, I have an idea that fox is.

Theresa: We're back to fox again, are we?

Chad: I'm telling you, theresa, he's in love with you. And he tried to tell you, but you were just too in love with ethan.

Theresa: Well, that's certainly finished. I mean, I'm over ethan.

Chad: So give fox a chance.

Theresa: We'll see.

Chad: Ok. I'm going.

Theresa: Ok.

Chad: Oh, and remember, don't tell whitney that I'm back in harmony.

Theresa: I won'T.

Chad: Yeah, matter of fact, it's probably a good idea that you don't tell anybody that I'm back.

Theresa: Ok, whatever you want.

Chad: I just don't want her to find out from somebody else.

Theresa: You are going to see her, though? You going to talk to her?

Chad: Although I don't know what kind of reception I'm going to get.

Theresa: Well, there's only one way to find out.

Chad: Yeah.

Theresa: Good luck, chad.

Chad: You, too, theresa. And I'm really sorry about little ethan. I mean, I know how much you love him.

Theresa: Yeah, he's everything to me. But I'm not going to stop fighting until I get him back.

Chad: I'm sure. You know, he's lucky to be your son. Yeah, I wish I had a mother like you when I was growing up. I mean, those foster mothers they placed me with weren't exactly loving.

Theresa: I'm sorry.

Chad: And I still wonder what my real mother was like and how it would have been to have her in my life when I was growing up. I guess I'll never know.

Theresa: No, chad, you're going to find your parents someday.

Chad: I don't know. Yeah, sometimes I think I will. But I got to be realistic. I mean, after years of searching, I've pretty much given up hope I'll ever find them. I'll probably never know who my real mom and dad are.

E:E: Oh, julian, I knew it. In my heart, I knew it. I would tell myself that it's just wishful thinking on my part, but the feeling was so strong!

Julian: He was very much alive when he left that hospital.

Eve: But I don't understand why he was taken, or where, or who took him, or -- or was it alistair?

Julian: I don't have the answers to your questions yet, but I'm working on it.

Eve: Oh, do you know anything else?

Julian: Well, he was placed in a foster home after he was taken from the hospital.

Eve: In a foster home? Well, do you know where? Who the parents are?

Julian: No, but I have people who are trying to find out everything that they can about that family and what happened to our son.

Eve: Julian, we've got to find him.

Julian: Listen, I promised you that you'd have our son back by the end of this year, and I'll keep that promise. I will find our boy for you.

Eve: Oh -- oh, julian, our boy -- our baby -- he's alive! Oh!

Fox: Well, congratulations. Looks like beth gave you the job, huh?

Theresa: Yeah, she did.

Fox: Oh, good. Look at you. You look cute in your little apron.

Theresa: Thank you.

Fox: Listen, I really -- I wish I could help you out with this whole moy y and lawyer thing, but, you know --

theresa: Oh, my gosh, fox, you've already done enough. I mean, I know you lost a lot of money when you, you know, cashed in that trust fund early to bail me out of jail, so --

fox: No big deal.

Theresa: It was a very big deal, and I'm very grateful to you.

Fox: Well, you know I'd do anything for you.

Theresa: So I hear.

Fox: What?

Theresa: Nothing.

Fox: Hey, listen, I know you're really busy here, but can I talk to you about something?

Theresa: Sure, yeah. Sounds serious.

Fox: Yeah, I know. It is. It is. I have to make a decision about something. It could affect my whole life, you know, and if I'm lucky, someone else'S.

Theresa: A girl?

Fox: How'd you know?

Theresa: I just took a wild guess. Ok, go on.

Fox: Ok, so anyway, this girl -- this girl is the girl that I've been in love with all this time, you know?

Theresa: Yeah? And?

Fox: Yeah, well, and, you know, she's -- see, the thing is she's not with her boyfriend anymore. You know, he really let her down, and she's angry with him, and she wants nothing more to do with him.

Theresa: Ok, so what are you confused about?

Fox: Well, I have to make a decision, you know? I mean, before, I couldn't tell her how I felt about her, you know?

Theresa: Yeah, because she was involved with another guy.

Fox: Exactly, she was involved with this other guy. But now, see, she's available, and -- well, I want to tell her how I feel abo h her.

Theresa: Ok. What's stopping you?

Fox: What's stopping me? Well, I know that she's really hurting right now, you know, because of what her ex-boyfriend did to her and -- I mean, he really let her down, you know? And she's hurting, and I want to help her through it. But I'm just -- I'm not sure she's ready to jump into another relationship right away, you know? So there's that. But then, you know, I'm thinking at the same time I don't want to -- I don't want to sit there and waste my opportunity to tell her how I really feel about her. It's a mess, because -- well, see, the thing is this girl -- she has no idea that I'm in love with her.

Theresa: I know now.

Sheridan: I got to get out of here. I got to be with my baby. He needs me. I'll lie. What other choice do I have? I'll just pretend that the baby isn't mine. God, anything to get out of here. In my heart, I know little martin is mine. He is my own sweet baby. Somehow, I will make luis realize that, too.

Luis: Hey, I'm back again.

Orderly: Sorry. You can't go in.

Luis: What are you talking about? I was just here, remember? A few minutes ago, and just went to take care of some stuff, and now I'm back to see sheridan, so just let me by there.

Orderly: No.

Luis: Why? What the hell's going on?

Orderly: Dr. Ackland just officially placed sheridan on restricted visitation, and you can't see her. Those are my orders.

Luis: Your orders? Ok. Well, to hell with your or -my son is a genius.-Checkmate.

fox: You know how I feel about you, then?

Theresa: Yes, yes. And you're rig. I am angry with ethan. But, you -- you've been wonderful. You've been so caring.

Fox: You know, theresa, look --

theresa: No, you -- you have. And when I needed someone, you were always there for me. You know, I didn't think that I was ready to get involved with anyone, but, like, listening to you and thinking about how wonderful you've been to me, it's changed my mind mpmpletely. Well, this is beginning to feel right. I think this could be just what we both need, so -- I don't know. Let's give it a try. Let's go for it.

Eve: I will actually see my son and hold him in my arms.

Julian: I promise you will, and soon.

Eve: Oh, julian, tell me it's not too good to be true.

Julian: No, it's true. It's all good. There's nothing but good.

Eve: Oh, what must he be like? No, I'm not even going to think about that. I'I'm just going to wait until he's just right there in front of me. Oh, julian, please make it soon. Tell your people to work even harder to find him.

Julian: They know this is priority one.

Eve: Oh, julian, we'll have so much to catch up on.

Julian: A whole lifetime.

Eve: Julian, our son -- our son's alive. Oh. Oh.

Whitney: Oh! I am so sorry! I didn't even -- chad.

Luis: Hey.

Guard: Ok, that's it!

Luis: Get your hands off me!

Guard: Come on!

Sheridan: What's going on?

Luis: Get your hands off of me!

Sheridan: Luis!

Luis: This is crazy! Look, I was just here! You can't stop me from seeing sheridan!

Guard: Oh, yeah, we can.

Sheridan: Luis!

Luis: Let go!

Sheridan: No!

Luis: Sheridan, don't worry! I'll -- I'll be back!

Sheridan: Luis!

Luis: I'm going to work it out!

Sheridan: Luis!

No! Luis!

Alistair: That's right, sheridan. Have yourself a good cry. Cry until you have no tears left.

Sheridan: No!

Alistair: You've got every reason to weep, because you'll never see luis again.

[Alistair laughs]

Julian: I have something that cod change our lives forever.

Eve: You found our son.

Theresa: Chad's back in town, and he wants to fix things with whitney.

Chad: You have to believe that you are the only girl I've ever truly loved.

Luis: Well, I still don't think sheridan should be here.

Antonio: I do, and I'm her husband.
