lucky: I'm going to call 911.

Summer: No.

Scott: Thank you.

Sen. Jordan: I appreciate your help in all this.

Monica: Alan, call 911. Tell them it's an overdose.

Gia: Take a good, long look at what you've done to your son.

Jax: You and I are finished. I had to make him believe that you and I are finished for the plan to work.

Brenda: What's the plan?

Jax: We have to escape.

Brenda: We have to go to Lisbon tonight.

Sen. Jordan: I always knew you were the man for this office, and am I glad you're in. Could you imagine going to Alexis Davis with a matter so delicate?

Scott: You wouldn't get very far, I can tell you that. It takes a guy to understand how a delicate situation can just develop.

Sen. Jordan: I may be a senator, but I never claimed to be a saint. Of course, in the end, she turned on me. Hookers always do.

Scott: Listen, you stay out of trouble, okay, Senator?

Sen. Jordan: Enjoy your evening, and thank you again. I owe you one.

Lucky: There's no way in hell I'm going to let you get away with this, Baldwin!

Summer: Luke, it's Summer. I know you're out of town on business. I didn't forget. But I -- oh, I just wanted to hear your voice, even if it is on an answering machine, I know. Well, everything's fine. Um, nothing's wrong. I just -- I just miss you a little. Um -- no need to call. I'll just see you when you get back, okay? Bye.

Gia: This is your flesh and blood. Where I come from that means something. Doesn't that mean anything to you?

Cameron: I'm beginning to find you rude and presumptuous.

Gia: I don't care what you think of me; look at your son. He took an overdose. He could've died. Is any of this getting through to you?

Cameron: You have no idea what's at play here.

Gia: I know Zander needs help, and since you're not only a shrink but his father, you should be able to give that to him. But instead, you're looking down your nose and judging him, like you've never done anything wrong in your life. Don't turn away from him. You're the parent here. You need to put your pain aside and focus on your son's. It's the least you can do, since you're the reason why he's in this bed.

Alexis: I need to see Sonny.

Carly: Well, he's not here. I don't know where he is, and I'm busy -- Michael's sick.

Alexis: I won't take you away from him long.

Carly: Alexis, what do you want?

Alexis: Kristina needs an operation. I'm taking her to Johns Hopkins tonight.

Carly: I'm sorry, I didn't know. Of course you need to go. Is there a postponement?

Alexis: That won't be possible. The judge is insistent on seeing that this trial move forward.

Carly: That's ridiculous. Your baby's sick and she needs surgery. Of course he'll give you a postponement.

Alexis: He won't.

Carly: Even a jerk like Scott would agree to hold off since your baby needs emergency surgery.

Alexis: Kristina needs this operation. It's up to me when it happens. I'm choosing now.

Carly: Excuse me, let me get this straight. Kristina's not in danger?

Alexis: No.

Carly: Her life isn't at risk here?

Alexis: No.

Carly: Okay, you're just choosing to go ahead with this surgery right now while Jason is in the middle of a murder charge and you're defending him?

Alexis: I don't expect you to understand it.

Carly: No, I don't, because either you've gone stark raving mad or you're doing this deliberately to hurt Jason and Brenda's chances for acquittal. Come on, you were in court. You saw how damaging that tape of Brenda was to the case. I get it. I get it now. You're doing this deliberately to hurt them. Right. Now that everyone felt comfortable with you and safe because you're such a brilliant legal mind, you're going to go ahead and bail on everybody as soon as you get --

Sonny: Who's bailing?

Jason: Lisbon? Why would you want to go to Lisbon? What's in Lisbon?

Brenda: I don't want to go to Lisbon, but you know the plan that you and Sonny --

Jason: Oh, the one you haven't been following?

Brenda: Have been telling me about for months? Guess what. It's not working. So I need to leave town. You don't even have to worry about anything. Everything's all figured out.

Jason: Yeah, by who?

Brenda: By who? You know by who.

Jason: Forget it.

Brenda: By Jax.

Jason: Okay, no.

Brenda: Listen, do you want to hear the plan? He came to my room, he staged this big fight in front of Scott. He made it sound like, you know, he was mad at me and he had it with me.

Jason: Are you sure he was acting?

Brenda: Ha-ha-ha-ha. It's very hysterical. Do you want to have a serious talk about this? This is your life that we are talking about right now. Can I tell you?

Jason: Go ahead.

Brenda: So he made it look like he's leaving town because he's mad at me, but really he's going to another country to set everything up for us.

Jason: I don't want to hear a plan that has to do with Jax.

Brenda: Do you want to go to prison all of the sudden?

Jason: No, Brenda.

Brenda: Well, too bad. I was supposed to meet him in a few days, and now I've decided that you and I are going to meet him tonight. Now, that is the plan.

Jason: No, Brenda, I --

Brenda: You can't what?

Jason: I can't walk away from my responsibilities here.

Brenda: How are you going to be responsible to anybody from prison? This is your only choice. You have to leave. You have to lay low. You know, you stay in touch with whoever it is that you want to stay in touch with and you set your whole life up somewhere else, just for a little while. You've done this before, right? I don't understand. For months you've been trying to get me to go somewhere with you. You say, "We have to leave town, Brenda. We need to leave town." And now all of a sudden I'm telling you that I want to leave town.

Jason: Okay, Brenda. Please, will you just shut up? You're right! I'll make the arrangements.

Brenda: Oh, will you give me your jacket?

Jason: Yeah, yeah. Let's go. Come on.

Brenda: Wait, hold on.

Jason: No, no.

Scott: Get off of me, Lucky.

Lucky: Do you have any idea what kind of animal that man is?

Scott: He's a politician; not a bad one as far as politicians go.

Lucky: Yeah, I'm understanding a little bit more about politicians. He beats women and you cover it up!

Scott: I have no idea what you're talking about, Lucky. I think you've finally lost your mind.

Lucky: Yeah? Yeah? What the hell is this?

Scott: Get the hell out of my pocket.

Lucky: Huh? This is low. This is low for you, Scott. You know what? You just keep the chump change.

Scott: You know what? You can just get off your high horse, here, Lucky. A hooker tried to blackmail a state senator -- that was a dumb move. If you happen to have the hots for this girl, that's your problem.

Lucky: You're condoning what Jordan did to Laura because she used to be a hooker?

Scott: Look, I don't know what you're implying here, but nobody beat anybody up.

Lucky: Is that what that poor guy said to you?

Scott: Well, why would a state senator -- now, why would he want to beat up a hooker and go through all that bad publicity?

Lucky: You're coming with me.

Scott: Oh --

Lucky: You're coming with me.

Scott: I'm not coming with you arm in arm.

Cameron: Look, I admire your passion, Gia. Alexander's fortunate to have a friend like you fighting his battles for him. But this is not my doing. Alexander made choices. He chose to leave home. He chose to take and sell drugs, to run with the mob, to kidnap young girls. Believe it or not, I take no pleasure in seeing what he's become. But I didn't cause it and I can't change it. I don't respect my son because he's a coward. He's not man enough to stand up to the fact that he killed his own brother.

Alexis: The arrangements have been made. I'm taking Kristina to Johns Hopkins tonight.

Carly: Why don't you just admit it, Alexis? You still blame Sonny and Jason for your sister's death, so walking out on Jason in the middle of the murder trial is the way that you can get your revenge. You know, I didn't give you enough credit. You're good. You're very good.

Alexis: I did what I was retained to do -- I took apart the prosecution piece by piece.

Carly: Yeah, now when things are at their worst, you're bailing.

Alexis: I'm taking care of my daughter.

Sonny: You don't give a damn about innocent people who might be put to death? The oath you took when you became an attorney?

Alexis: I'm sure you'll have no trouble finding another attorney who is more than capable of seeing this through. I will turn over all my case files and I will make myself available for consultation.

Sonny: But this is wrong, Alexis. You shouldn't have taken the case if you knew you weren't going to be able to see it through.

Alexis: You, of all people, should know what it means to put your family first.

Sonny: You have a responsibility now is what I'm telling you.

Alexis: To my child, who comes before anything or anyone else. I've said what I've come to say.

Jason: What's with Alexis?

Sonny: She just walked off the case.

Jason: Let her. Brenda and I aren't going to be here anyway.

Sonny: What does that mean?

Jason: We're leaving the country tonight.

Jason: I've looked at this from every different angle and, unfortunately, Jax's plan is the only option that we have right now.

Sonny: Well, if that idiot hadn't let the cops get their hands on that tape in the first place, you and Brenda wouldn't be --

Jason: I know, but it's done, and nothing is going to be able to get that jury to shake the image of Brenda going after Alcazar.

Carly: Okay, there has to be another way. Let's think about this. You and Brenda did not kill Alcazar, which means the real killer is out there. Let's put our heads together and let's figure it out. We can mobilize all the men --

Jason: Carly, we don't have time. Carly, Brenda and I have to get out right now. Sonny, I had a false I.D. arranged for Brenda the last time we were going to leave the country. I just got to go pick it up.

Sonny: You got any money?

Jason: No, I -- you know what? Could you do me a favor? Just pick it up from the office and meet me at the airstrip?

Sonny: Rally field?

Jason: Yeah.

Sonny: No problem.

Jason: Thanks.

Carly: I can't believe this. Jason, wait. Be careful, all right? Be safe, in case I don't get to tell you later.

Jason: I will.

Carly: I love you.

Jason: You, too.

Lucky: Laura? Hey, it's Lucky.

Summer: Lucky.

Scott: All right. I'm the district attorney, you remember me. A couple questions for you, otherwise I'll get a couple of cops down here and take you downtown.

Summer: What can I do for you, Mr. D.A.?

Scott: Somebody did smack you around, huh?

Summer: Hmm, how insightful.

Scott: Whoever did this is going to pay.

Lucky: I already told you who did it.

Scott: Listen, I need to ask you some questions.

Summer: Thank you. I really hope you're happy now.

Gia: I can't believe what you just said. Zander killed his brother? You know that's not true.

Cameron: Both my sons were schooled and drilled constantly to take every precaution in the book. They learned first to respect, then handle firearms. But Alexander hated following rules, always looking for shortcuts, shirking responsibility.

Gia: It was an accident.

Zander: He's right, Gia. Doesn't change the fact that I shot my older brother and he died. Want to hear the bedtime story that I tell myself every night, Dad?

Cameron: Not really.

Zander: Once upon a time, the father woke up to the worst day in his life. Only he didn't know it. Seemed like any other ordinary day. But he took both of his sons hunting, the favored and the other. But he came home with only one. The favored was the light of his father's world, who was going to realize all of his hopes and dreams. He died that day, shot by the other. And that was the cruelest joke of all. So the father looked around at his life and what he had left. There stood the other, the waste, who had the blood of the other son, the only son that he ever really wanted, on his hands. And nobody lived happily ever after.

Cameron: That about sums it up.

Gia: How could you be so cold?

Zander: You don't have to stick around, Gia. You can go, too.

Gia: No.

Ned: Hey.

Bobbie: Well, hey! What are you doing here?

Ned: Well, I'm going to go see Kristina. What else?

Bobbie: Oh. Alexis didn't tell you?

Ned: No. What?

Bobbie: She took the baby. They left.

Ned: Wait a minute. Kristina's been released? That's impossible.

Bobbie: No, they took a MedEvac to Johns Hopkins. Kristina's having surgery.

Ned: Wait a minute. I know she needed surgery eventually, but it wasn't supposed to happen for a few months.

Bobbie: Well, I guess Alexis must've changed her mind. Oh, Ned, I'm sorry, I've got to go. I'm sorry, I didn't know you didn't know.

Cameron: Ned? Have you seen Alexis?

Ned: She already left.

Cameron: Left for where?

Ned: You mean, she didn't tell you, either?

Courtney: What happened? Was that call you got bad news?

Jason: It was -- it was Brenda. I met her on the docks.

Courtney: What, Brenda got released from the hospital?

Jason: No, no, no. She walked out. You know that tape that Baldwin played for the jury?

Courtney: Yeah. Yeah, I know. It was bad, but what can you do about it?

Jason: Leave the country. Brenda made plans to meet up with Jax in Lisbon and I have to go.

Courtney: You're running.

Jason: There's no other way. Courtney, if Sonny manages to get us cleared, I'll be on the first plane back here.

Courtney: I understand.

Jason: You know I wouldn't do this if there was any other choice.

Courtney: When are you leaving?

Jason: Tonight.

Courtney: Okay, all right. Just give me a minute.

Jason: What -- what are you doing?

Courtney: I'm going to go and pack my bags. I'm going with you.

Brenda: Ahem -- hey.

Sonny: Hey.

Brenda: Jason's not here yet.

Sonny: Yeah, you -- you need to give this to Jason.

Brenda: I'll give it to him.

Sonny: If there's anything else you need while you're gone, once you're settled in, I can --

Brenda: No, I don't need anything. I'm okay, but thanks for asking.

Sonny: I hate that it had to come to this.

Brenda: Yeah, me, too.

Sonny: Ahem.

Brenda: Can't tell you how many times I've just kind of sat around and wondered how different my life would be, you know, if I had made some different decisions.

Brenda: Anyway, I'm sorry I have to take Jason away from you. I know -- I know how much you depend on him.

Sonny: And now I'm depending on Jason to take care of you.

Brenda: I'll be okay. I have Jax.

Sonny: Yeah. This isn't over, and I know I'm sounding like a broken record, but I'm going to do everything I can to clear you guys.

Brenda: That's what you promised me.

Sonny: Yeah. And I know Jason's going to do everything he can to make sure you're all right.

Sonny: So --

Brenda: So -- all right.

Sonny: You try not to spend that money all in one place.

Brenda: I'm not spending any of your money.

Sonny: All right. You're going to be all right.

Courtney: I don't care about the danger. Jason, I am not going to let you walk out that door --

Jason: We don't have time to make arrangements.

Courtney: What kind of arrangements?

Jason: False I.D.

Courtney: Well, I'll risk using my own name.

Jason: You're going to draw a line to exactly were we are.

Courtney: Well, then you'll fix it. I mean, isn't that what you do?

Jason: You don't think I want to stay with you? Or take you with me? I can't ask you to cut yourself off from everyone you love just to run away with me.

Courtney: Don't you understand? As long as I am with you, that is all that matters.

Jason: You don't know what you're saying.

Courtney: Anything is better than losing you, Jason. I mean, I am certainly not going to let you leave here for my own good. I mean, we belong together. Unless you've changed your mind and you just -- you don't want to be with me anymore.

Jason: No, that's -- that's not true.

Courtney: Then we can work it out.

Jason: Okay. I know that you can do this. Okay? You're strong. And I'm glad that you care about me so much, but you can't come.

Courtney: Jason --

Jason: No, there's no -- no, there's no arguments. I need you to stay here 'til you're safe and then I will send for you, okay?

Courtney: How long?

Jason: I can't give you a date. But I'll make it as soon as possible. Because I'm not going to lose you, either.

Courtney: I'll wait, Jason, as long as it takes.

Cameron: Well, I have to admit, I'm stunned. Alexis didn't mention a word about it to me.

Ned: To you? I'm that baby's father.

Cameron: Which is exactly why Alexis might be more comfortable confiding in an objective party. You two haven't exactly seen eye to eye about Kristina of late.

Ned: And we have just started to disagree. See, she's making a statement. She's telling me, in the most provocative way she can, that she is Kristina's mother and I am basically nothing. I'm not even worth the courtesy of a consultation.

Cameron: Maybe you should cut her some slack. She is a first-time mother, she's been dealing with a lot. You did know that she needed surgery sooner or later.

Ned: And I had every intention of being there because I am Kristina's father. Alexis is pushing me, so I'm going to start pushing back.

Cameron: Well, there's a constructive attitude, sure to ruin any chance you have at rebuilding the relationship with Alexis. She's vulnerable right now, Ned. This isn't going to snap her out of it.

Ned: You seem to think you know her pretty well, don't you?

Cameron: I try to be observant. It's my job.

Ned: Well, Alexis isn't your patient. And if you think you're going to do any better with Alexis on a personal level, you're in for a big disappointment.

Scott: You need to tell me about this incident.

Lucky: It was no incident. Scott, Laura was beaten up.

Summer: Thank you very much, Lucky. You know, you've helped quite enough. Sen. Jordan was here when I got here, and he was angry because I had stopped servicing him. He said I needed to be taught a lesson, so he decided to start punching me. When I hit the floor, he decided to start kicking me, and then he left.

Scott: Why? Why would he risk his political career to do that to you?

Lucky: Because he's a pig who has no respect for women.

Summer: That answer works for me.

Scott: Why didn't you go to the authorities?

Summer: Because people like you would ask me that same question in that same tone of disbelief, that's why. Why would squeaky-clean Sen. Wonderful risk that little reputation of his to beat up on some two-bit hooker? He says he didn't do it, and, after all, we all know how hookers are, right? They lie, they cheat. They blackmail innocent politicians. And heck, after all, they got pimps that beat them up for general principle, right? So you can see, Mr. Baldwin, why I have no trust for the law. I know what the law thinks of women like me.

Scott: Once again, I'm very sorry.

Lucky: Yeah, you are. What are you going to do about it, Scott?

Scott: Get dressed. A squad car will pick you both up in 10 minutes.

Summer: How dare you! I trusted you and you went behind my back.

Lucky: Laura, you had no idea what I saw --

Summer: You know, I don't care what you saw! I don't care. I asked you to leave it alone and you couldn't. You made things worse. Jordan will make sure that I pay for this.

Lucky: I can't see you get knocked around by this guy. You got to stand up and fight for yourself now.

Summer: Well, you made sure I didn't have much of a choice in that, didn't you? If that bastard kills me, I want you to remember this day.

Zander: Look, I told you, Gia, you don't have to stick around babysitting me.

Gia: There's nowhere else I need to be.

Zander: I don't want your charity, Gia.

Gia: God, you're so incredibly defensive. At least now I'm beginning to understand why. What happened to your brother explains so much, the fact that this stuff's been inside you this whole time eating you alive.

Zander: Look, it's none of your business, okay? You're just making matters worse.

Gia: I'm really sorry, Zander. I wish you could forgive me.

Zander: I was joking.

Gia: And I was so wrong about you. I thought I had you all figured out. I was a judgmental, superficial snob who didn't take the time to look at you. Well, I'm looking now, and I see a guy in terrible pain with nowhere to put it. I know under ordinary circumstances I'd be the last person you want to confide in, but this isn't ordinary and I happen to be here. I really want to hear your side of things.

Zander: Well, things weren't much different than they are now. I was the same accident waiting to happen. My dad told me that I was going to come to a bad end. Pete used to always defend me. He'd tell my dad to lay off and he shouldn't be so hard on me for being who I am.

Gia: So you and your brother got along?

Zander: Most of the time. Whenever we didn't it was because I had picked a fight. Don't get me wrong, I -- I love Pete. But he was a lot to live up to. I didn't stand a chance, so I liked messing with him. Try to get him mad or upset, just to put a little chink in the armor and know that I'd put it there.

Gia: Hmm. Sounds like your dad put a lot of pressure on both of you.

Zander: Difference was Pete thrived on it. It got worse when he went to Princeton. He was pushing for straight As because nothing else was acceptable. It all seemed like it was getting to Pete. But then something happened and he hit some sort of alpha stride or something. It was like -- was like he smashed through some level of success I wouldn't know anything about. Before we went on that hunting trip, I took him aside and I asked him how he was doing. Pete -- he looked at me. He said, "Alexander, don't worry about me. I'm going to be just fine."

Zander: And then he died. I shot him the next day. I shot him.

Nikolas: Here you are. We were supposed to have dinner at the Madduxes'. Did you forget?

Gia: Sort of.

Nikolas: How you doing, Zander? Will you excuse us?

Zander: Yeah, no problem.

Nikolas: I -- I could've reminded you, you know, if you'd pick up your cell phone. But since you didn't and I couldn't reach you, I decided to go alone. You know, I thought you'd be late but you would show, then I would go on. Instead, I sat there looking like a fool, wondering where you were. What am I supposed to make of this, Gia?

Gia: Not such a big deal. I'm sure you handled the Madduxes.

Nikolas: That's all you have to say?

Gia: Look, I'm really sorry. Zander was in trouble, I lost track of time.

Nikolas: Since -- since when are you Zander's keeper anyway, Gia?

Gia: There's more going on than you know.

Nikolas: Yeah, okay. I know he got high, he had to have his stomach pumped. So much for him making a new start on his new life, right?

Gia: What's with this attitude? So I missed a stupid dinner.

Nikolas: Because, Gia, this is an ongoing thing with you every single day, all right?

Gia: So I was helping a friend instead of stuffing my face. Sue me. Can we not do this here?

Nikolas: Fine, but we will do it.

Lucky: What the hell is this?

Summer: Excuse me.

Man: Shh.

Summer: Jeez.

Sen. Jordan: What's up, Scott? I thought we concluded our business.

Scott: I can't take this.

Sen. Jordan: Pang of conscience? No need. I mean, consider it a donation to the policemen's fund. My way of saying thank you to the department for doing me a favor.

Scott: My department doesn't cover when you beat up women.

Sen. Jordan: She went to the police?

Scott: I saw what you did to her.

Sen. Jordan: She's a lousy whore, Scott. Anybody on the street could've roughed her up.

Scott: But you roughed her up!

Sen. Jordan: Look, we were in her apartment alone. No one saw me hit her. You know what it's like. I had to put her back into line. She threatened to blackmail me.

Scott: Shut up. Shut up. Shut up, okay, I know the story. Any jury would hang you.

Sen. Jordan: I hope you're not forgetting who you're talking to, Scott. That would be unfortunate.

Scott: What's unfortunate is you're going to walk on this. And it sickens me to look at you. What's the matter with you, smacking a girl around like that? Go back to Albany, pick up your life. But know this -- if you so much as touch a hair on Laura's head, life as you know it will be over.

Sen. Jordan: No one threatens me.

Scott: I just did! Now take your money and get the hell out of here.

Sen. Jordan: You'll be sorry for this.

Scott: Det. Langston, bring them in.

Scott: Good. Are you okay with this?

Summer: You are truly the last person I expected that from.

Summer: I owe you such a huge apology. You were so right not to drop this. And I can't tell you how grateful I am for what you just did. It was brilliant.

Lucky: It was nothing.

Summer: No, seriously, you found a way to handle this without going public, without making him feel like he needs to retaliate against me. I don't know how to thank you.

Lucky: Well, I just wanted you to have a little faith in law enforcement, to know that it doesn't just apply to the rich and powerful.

Summer: Well, it's a start.

Lucky: Well, in time maybe I'd convince you. Tell you what -- let me give you a ride home.

Summer: Well, I -- I do need a ride home. Thank you. Thank you.

Lucky: Hey, don't mention it.

Gia: Good one, Nikolas. Nothing like kicking someone when they're down.

Nikolas: Gia, do not turn this around on me. I want to know what I've missed. Okay, you couldn't stand Zander. You told me about six million times what a loser you thought he was.

Gia: Maybe I grew up.

Nikolas: Grew up. Right, right. The attorney-in-waiting, savior of the masses.

Gia: What is that supposed to mean?

Nikolas: I just want to know how you got so wrapped up into Zander's drama, Gia, or is it that I've completely fallen off your radar?

Zander: Don't you touch me.

Faith: I hope you have a good excuse. I detest being kept waiting.

Ned: This is a really bad day to get demanding. I've already been blindsided by Alexis.

[Faith laughs]

Faith: Alexis means nothing to me.

Ned: Well, I wish I had that luxury. She happens to be the mother of my child.

Faith: You're starting to worry me, Ned. We have a job to do, a big one. Ruining Sonny Corinthos is not going to be an easy task. Neither one of us can afford to become distracted. Now, if you are more concerned about the neurotic mother of that little rug rat of yours than you are with our relationship and what --

Ned: Shh. I know exactly what you and I are about.

Sonny: Oh, hey.

Carly: Hey.

Sonny: How's Michael?

Carly: Fine. His fever broke.

Sonny: Oh, that's good.

Carly: So, did Jason and Brenda take off okay?

Sonny: I don't know. I just -- I dropped off the money with Brenda and then I left, came home.

Carly: So Jason delivers Brenda to Lisbon, and then what?

Sonny: Well, he waits for me to end this and bring him back.

Carly: Well, maybe it won't be so bad. You know, Jason's been traveling before.

Sonny: Well, it's different when you know you can't come home. When I walked away and I left the territory to Jason, the plan was that, you know, I was going to disappear permanently. I had everything. It was all ready. I bought a place on the island. I moved a fortune in untraceable cash. I was supposed to be safe, and I was. Then I started thinking about a lot of things, you know. People who weren't there, places I wouldn't be able to see again. It ate at me every day until I hated being safe, until I lost my mind, and Jason came and brought me home. When I came back to this place, it wasn't the same. In a lot of ways it was better, but you can't get back what you had. Brenda couldn't, Jason won't.

Carly: Jason wouldn't want to. You know, he never dwells on the past or the things that could've been.

Sonny: Well, he's a smart guy. You start thinking about the past too much, you -- you start missing out on the good things that's right in front of you, you know.

Brenda: Hey, is everything okay?

Jason: Yeah.

Brenda: What took you so long?

Jason: It's fine. Relax, I'm here.

Brenda: Here, Sonny came, he brought that. I guess it's money.

Jason: Yeah, got it.

Brenda: You know, he thought he had to drop it off himself. Is there any other errands that you need to run before we leave? Do you have any idea how long I've been waiting here?

Jason: Everything's taken care of.

Brenda: Sorry. I've never been to Lisbon, have you?

Jason: No.

Brenda: There. Oh -- is that us? Let's go.

Jason: I want you to take this.

Brenda: All right.

Jason: Okay? It's your ID, money, ticket. You're booked New York to London, London to Lisbon.

Brenda: What does that mean?

Jason:  I'm not going.

<<Next on General Hospital --

Nikolas (to Gia):  Do you want to be in this relationship or not?

Cameron (to Zander):  I'm not up for a confrontation.

Zander (to Cameron):  All right, then what are you doing here?

Summer (to Scott):  You helped me out and now you're saying that I owe you.

Brenda (to Jason):  You're gonna pick me up and drag me somewhere?  I'd like to see that. Woop! (Jason throws her over his shoulder.)

